# Glm_mapping

file & description

make_points.py : produces a csv file ('testpos.csv') of measurement positions based on a cylindrical mapper. Have to go into script and specify how many planes (n), angles (m), and radii (vector of radial positions). The angular position is based on mapping up to an order of l of Glm coefficients. To have a measurement at every maximum and minimum of the fit functions set m=l+1.

testpos.csv : output of make_points.py in the format (x,y,z)

generate_field.py : INPUT = 'python generate_field.py testpos.csv' ; reads in a csv file of positions and generates a randomized field map ('testfield.csv') in the format (x,y,z,Bx,By,Bz) and a file containing the true Glm coefficients ('testG.csv') in the format (l,m,Glm). Right now can generate four types of fields: random, random with l suppression, holding B0 field, holding B0 field with l suppression. Must define the highest order of l, the width of the gaussian noise, and the factor of l suppression you want to use in the simulation.

testfield.csv : output of generate_field.py of a field map in the format (x,y,z,Bx,By,Bz)

testG.csv : output of generate_field.py of the true Glm coefficents used in the format (x,y,z,Bx,By,Bz)

guessG.py : INPUT = 'python guessG.py testfield.csv' ; reads in a csv file of positions and field values and uses a chi-squared fit to predict the Glm coefficients up to an order specified by the user. That should be the only user specification. Should be able to use this script to predict Glm coefficients for fields generated by other simulations, as long as the input file is in the form (x,y,z,Bx,By,Bz) (or is edited by the user).

testGpredict.csv : output of guessG.py. Includes the predicted coefficents up to the l order used in the fit in the format (l,m,G)
